the US says it is confident that Hamas
was using the alifa hospital as a
command center and now the supposed
proof totally confirm without any doubt
at the state department shrugging off
the scant evidence I'm surprised when I
hear people saying oh there were only 10
rifles in this room it's a hospital it's
a hospital there shouldn't be any
assault hold on there shouldn't be any
assault rifles at a hospital know at the
Pentagon also still standing by the
undisclosed intelligence it says it has
hi you keep talking about the
intelligence in the past TPS that you
believe the intelligence believes Hamas
has used hospitals do you have
intelligence that they currently are I
have only the intelligence that I read
out the downgraded intelligence that I
read out yesterday um or sorry I'm I'm
sorry on Tuesday uh past tense present
tense don't want to parse out words here
but we know that Hamas has been using
the hospital the alifa hospital and
other hospitals in Gaza um I'm not going
going to get into more specifics on you
know what they're doing now whereabouts
all of that we know that the IDF has
taken control of alifa hospital um so I
don't have more to to share with you on
that front it matters because under
international law you have to have proof
that is uh combatant is is currently
right then in that moment in the
hospital in order to strike yeah again
when I read out the downgraded material
we felt very confident that Hamas was
using that hospital um to conduct his
operations this is what they found while
the Biden Administration is trying to
downplay the lack of evidence presented
to the public experts say it could have
a decisive impact on the future of the
war this is really a turning point
because if it turns out the Israelis are
wrong I think the pressure is going to
be on them to have a ceasefire which is
a good step because it will Stop The
Killing at least temporarily while we
the diplomats can work out some sort of
arrangement at the Pentagon briefing
there were about as many questions on US
troops being targeted in Iraq and Syria
as there were on this evidence so while
the Biden Administration might not feel
much pressure from the American Media
when it comes to his allies that might
be a much different story if Israel
can't come up with actual proof that
Hamas was in the hospital Patty Kain Al
jazer at the
Pentagon make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer